The best golf vibes in LA are at this Santa Monica muni                                                               x    Skip to main content   Golf Logo     Join Now / Log In     The best golf vibes in LA are at this Santa Monica muni SHARE      Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter     Share by Email            Golf Logo    Shop  Collections  Mens Womens Juniors Nicklaus Collection Birdie Juice Collection Shop All Collections   Apparel & Accessories  Shirts Polos Pants Shorts Skirts Sweaters Outerwear and vests Activewear Belts Hats Sunglasses Shop all Apparel & Accessories   Shoes  Spiked Spikeless Casual Sneakers Shop all shoes   Training  GPS Range finders Swing Trainers putting trainers Fitness Shop all training   Golf Bags  Cart bags Staff bags Stand bags Shop all golf bags   Clubs & Equipment  New Arrivals Drivers Fairway woods Hybrids Utility Irons Iron Sets Wedges Putters Grips Golf Balls Golf Gloves Shop all clubs & equipment     News  Latest News   Genesis cut projections: Will Tiger Woods play the weekend?
‘That’s in the bunker!’: Tiger Woods putts into sand, still saves bogey Judge deals LIV Golf major legal blow in PGA Tour suitAll News   Tournaments  Tournaments2023 Genesis Invitational: How to watch, TV schedule, streaming, tee times More Tournament News   Featured Series  Tour Confidential Monday Finish Rogers Report Browse by Writer     Instruction  Top 100 Teachers  InstructionMeet the new GOLF Top 100 Teachers of America Get Started   Game Improvement  Driving Approach Shots Bunker Shots Short Game Putting All Instruction   Other Instruction  Play Smart Pros Teaching Joes Fitness Rules Etiquette     Gear  GearRory makes an unusual gear switch for Friday at the Genesis Invitational ClubTest  Drivers Hybrids Fairway woods Irons Wedges Putters Shop All Clubs   Other Gear  Golf Balls Shoes Apparel Best of Everything 2022 Shop All Gear   Featured Series  Clubtest Fully Equipped Proving Ground RoboTest Wall-to-wall     Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Courses in the U.S.: GOLF’s all-new 2022-23 ranking is here!
Top 100  Top 100 Courses Top 100 resorts Top 100 teachers All Travel & Lifestyle   Travel  Courses Resorts Destination golf Muni Mondays ALL TRAVEL   Lifestyle  Accessories Celebrities Food Betting Advice ALL LIFESTYLE     Leaderboards  Current LeaderboardThe Genesis InvitationalFull LeaderboardPast TournamentsThe Genesis InvitationalWM Phoenix OpenAT&T Pebble Beach Pro-AmAll TournamentsPlayer RankingsOfficial World RankingFedEx CupMoney LeadersAll Player RankingsSchedulePGA Tour 2022-2023   Videos & Podcasts  InstructionWarming Up with Nelly and Jessica Korda  More Latest Videos   Videos  Destination Golf Pros Teaching Joes Proving Ground RoboTest Tee to Green View All Videos   Podcasts  Drop Zone Fully Equipped Subpar View All Podcasts      Pro Shop  Collections Apparel & Accessories Shoes Training Aids Golf Bags Clubs & Equipment Shop All   News  Tournaments Featured Series Browse by Writer All News   Instruction  Top 100 Teachers All Instruction   Gear  ClubTest All Gear   Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Rankings Travel Lifestyle All Travel & Lifestyle   Leaderboards  Current Leaderboard Player Statistics Schedule   Videos & Podcasts  Videos Podcasts All Videos & Podcasts          Join Now / Log In                                     Search                       Start the Golf Season off right with InsideGOLF ($100 value - just $20)                     LEARN MORE                Travel       The best golf vibes in LA are at this Santa Monica muni   By:                   Sean Zak                February 15, 2023       Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter   Share by Email          Penmar By The Sea is a fitting name for this golf course hang.
Darren Riehl   The tee signs at Penmar Golf Course, Los Angeles’ beloved neighborhood muni, offer intrigue more than anything else.
Instead of “Penmar” or “Penmar GC,” there’s a different inscription: Penmar by the Sea.
For a first-timer, this feels odd.
This residential course is nothing like Manchester-by-the-sea in Massachusetts or Carmel-by-the-Sea in Monterey.
But after an evening on-site, Penmar-by-the-sea begins to make sense.
It’s not really about the golf, or about the sea — it’s about the environment.
The chillness of hanging out on a golf course in a beach town, often with strangers, almost every one of whom has shared this experience with some other group of strangers before.
Except us.
We stumbled onto Penmar a month ago in the middle of a torrid rip around the city.
Our plan was simple: max out 48 hours in LA.
We played four courses, attended a Clippers game, saw the sights and ate everything in sight (even at the kind of restaurants featured on TV shows).
But when we got to Penmar, life slowed down.
The pace of play is slow enough to enrage any city golfer, but it doesn’t seem to matter.
The people you meet at Penmar are people who want to meet people.
Our group played up into Ben Miller’s trio on the first hole and managed to see them on every single tee box thereafter.
Miller had arrived on his own and jumped into a group with Robert James.
They didn’t know each other when they woke up that morning but had become fast friends, clubbing off each other.
By the end of the night they were trading intel on what the Lakers should do with Russell Westbrook at the trade deadline.
About 50 yards from them, a four-ball putting competition played out under the lights.
Losers bought drinks.
As for the golf course, Penmar does little to impress.
It’s simple.
2,500 yards from the tips.
Three par-3s, no par-5s, airplanes constantly buzzing overhead.
Penmar hosts the local high school teams every week, it seems.
There isn’t a day that goes by when it’s not being used.
Tiffani Lynch     “Wednesdays in the summertime have dramatically changed in the past few years,” Miller told us of the concert series that is now something of local legend.
“If you’re in your 20s and 30s, and even if you’re older and have a family.
And a dog.
There are a lot of dogs here on Wednesdays.
“Some incredible live music, it’s one of the most popular spots in Venice on Wednesdays in the summer.
It’s an awesome, awesome place.” When Miller says “incredible music” he means appearances by the likes of Chris Shiflett, the lead guitarist for Foo Fighters.
And when he says “most popular,” he means as many as 2,000 people.
That’s the record tally The Penmar cafe has proudly hosted, spilling out off the patio and onto the 1st tee and putting green.
This ain’t your standard golf hang.
Officially, The Penmar (the privately-owned cafe on-site) calls it Wednesday Sunset Sessions, but unofficially Miller calls it the best place for singles in their 20s and 30s to meet each other.
That can’t be far off.
View this post on Instagram            A post shared by Sunset Sessions (@penmarlive)   It all feeds into the sense that golf courses might not have to be strictly golf spaces.
This course brings in the golfers and the cafe brings in the others.
Those groups mesh underneath TVs and heated lamps and on the putting green sipping $5.50 Modelos at the daily happy hour.
Penmar is a golfy YMCA, and you don’t even have to pay for a membership.
You can see more of our trip to Penmar and other golfy LA spots in the video below.
Latest In Travel     1 day ago               L.A.'s massive golfing year is officially underway (with plenty more to come)      6 days ago               The 10 most expensive tee times in Phoenix/Scottsdale on Super Bowl weekend      1 week ago               Golf in L.A. can blind with star power, but don't forget about the rest      1 week ago               Nicklaus Design renovates course where Nicklaus won one of 18 majors            Sean Zak Golf.com Editor Zak is a writer at GOLF Magazine, currently working on a book about the summer he spent in St. Andrews.
You can read about those travels here and catch his latest thoughts on the Drop Zone Podcast: Apple | Spotify | Stitcher | iHeart | PodBean   Author Twitter Account Author Instagram Account      Related Articles                                          Travel                                       L.A.'s massive golfing year is officially underway (with plenty more to come) By:                   Dylan Dethier                                                         Travel                                       What I spent on a marathon 2-day golf trip in Los Angeles By:                   James Colgan                                                         Travel                                       This course is among golf's toughest tee times.
It's also a bargain By:                   Dylan Dethier                             Newsletter    Categories  News Instruction Gear Lifestyle Travel     Services   GOLF Media Kit EB GOLF MEDIA LLC WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Masthead FAQ and Returns     Social     facebook      twitter      instagram      youtube      Membership        GOLF.com and GOLF Magazine are published by EB GOLF MEDIA LLC, a division of 8AM GOLF          Go to mobile version
