How to make a decadent Mexican mole at home                                                               x    Skip to main content   Golf Logo     Join Now / Log In     The secret to making decadent Mexican mole at home, according to a Los Cabos chef SHARE      Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter     Share by Email            Golf Logo    Shop  Collections  Mens Womens Juniors Nicklaus Collection Birdie Juice Collection Shop All Collections   Apparel & Accessories  Shirts Polos Pants Shorts Skirts Sweaters Outerwear and vests Activewear Belts Hats Sunglasses Shop all Apparel & Accessories   Shoes  Spiked Spikeless Casual Sneakers Shop all shoes   Training  GPS Range finders Swing Trainers putting trainers Fitness Shop all training   Golf Bags  Cart bags Staff bags Stand bags Shop all golf bags   Clubs & Equipment  New Arrivals Drivers Fairway woods Hybrids Utility Irons Iron Sets Wedges Putters Grips Golf Balls Golf Gloves Shop all clubs & equipment     News  Latest News   Ian Poulter knew what he’d be gaining, losing with LIV | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
3 recap Joel Dahmen just got even easier to root for | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
4 recap Sahith Theegala and Mito Pereira’s gut-wrenching heartbreak: Netflix ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
7 recapAll News   Tournaments  Tournaments2023 Genesis Invitational: How to watch, TV schedule, streaming, tee times More Tournament News   Featured Series  Tour Confidential Monday Finish Rogers Report Browse by Writer     Instruction  Top 100 Teachers  InstructionMeet the new GOLF Top 100 Teachers of America Get Started   Game Improvement  Driving Approach Shots Bunker Shots Short Game Putting All Instruction   Other Instruction  Play Smart Pros Teaching Joes Fitness Rules Etiquette     Gear  WedgesCan a different wedge improve your sand game?
| Fully Equipped mailbag ClubTest  Drivers Hybrids Fairway woods Irons Wedges Putters Shop All Clubs   Other Gear  Golf Balls Shoes Apparel Best of Everything 2022 Shop All Gear   Featured Series  Clubtest Fully Equipped Proving Ground RoboTest Wall-to-wall     Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Courses in the U.S.: GOLF’s all-new 2022-23 ranking is here!
Top 100  Top 100 Courses Top 100 resorts Top 100 teachers All Travel & Lifestyle   Travel  Courses Resorts Destination golf Muni Mondays ALL TRAVEL   Lifestyle  Accessories Celebrities Food Betting Advice ALL LIFESTYLE     Leaderboards  Current LeaderboardThe Genesis InvitationalFull LeaderboardPast TournamentsThe Genesis InvitationalWM Phoenix OpenAT&T Pebble Beach Pro-AmAll TournamentsPlayer RankingsOfficial World RankingFedEx CupMoney LeadersAll Player RankingsSchedulePGA Tour 2022-2023   Videos & Podcasts  InstructionWarming Up with Nelly and Jessica Korda  More Latest Videos   Videos  Destination Golf Pros Teaching Joes Proving Ground RoboTest Tee to Green View All Videos   Podcasts  Drop Zone Fully Equipped Subpar View All Podcasts      Pro Shop  Collections Apparel & Accessories Shoes Training Aids Golf Bags Clubs & Equipment Shop All   News  Tournaments Featured Series Browse by Writer All News   Instruction  Top 100 Teachers All Instruction   Gear  ClubTest All Gear   Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Rankings Travel Lifestyle All Travel & Lifestyle   Leaderboards  Current Leaderboard Player Statistics Schedule   Videos & Podcasts  Videos Podcasts All Videos & Podcasts          Join Now / Log In                                     Search                       Start the Golf Season off right with InsideGOLF ($100 value - just $20)                     LEARN MORE                Food       The secret to making decadent Mexican mole at home, according to a Los Cabos chef   By:                   Shaun Tolson                February 12, 2023       Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter   Share by Email          You, too, can make restaurant-quality mole at home.
Courtesy of Pueblo Bonito Sunset Beach Golf & Spa Resort   Welcome to Clubhouse Eats, where we celebrate the game’s most delectable food and drink.
Hope you brought your appetites.
*** Valentine’s Day tradition often involves giving chocolates to enjoy on their own, but this year we suggest mixing it up — literally.
Cooking with chocolate adds a savory twist to the tradition, and there may be no more famous a savory chocolate dish than traditional Mexican mole.
At LaFrida Restaurant, a fine-dining establishment at Pueblo Bonito Sunset Beach Golf & Spa Resort in Los Cabos, Chef Anaisa Guevara reveals that the traditional sauce recipe for the restaurant’s most popular Mole Negro included 100 ingredients.
Today, LaFrida’s culinary team has scaled back that list, but the total number of ingredients is still extensive.
In particular, Chef Guevara points to three that are most important when making a superb mole: chocolate, dried chili peppers, and corn tortilla ashes.
LaFrida’s Mole Negro shines over enchiladas with duck carnitas — a standout dish on the restaurant’s menu — but the sauce can enhance a number of meats.
It’s also great over rice and is a delicious accompaniment to classic bolillo—a Mexican bread similar to French baguettes.
When amateur cooks attempt to make a mole like this at home (see recipe below), Chef Guevara acknowledges that they commit two egregious mistakes.
First, they add chicken stock, which turns the sauce into a consommé.
They also rush the process, which is a cardinal sin when crafting a mole.
“The biggest secret is to cook it very slowly,” she says.
“It’s a sauce that requires time, so be patient during the preparation and enjoy the process.”                          Food                       The 5 keys to making perfect nachos, according to a golf-club chef By:                   Josh Sens                  LaFrida’s Mole Negro Makes about 1.5 gallons Ingredients: Spices/Seeds/Cereals 60g Amaranth60g unsalted peanuts60g sesame seeds20g star anise60g pumpkin seeds20g whole cinnamon sticks10g cloves10g black peppercorns10g ground black pepper40g avocado leaf10g oregano60g walnuts60g almonds100g cocoa powder10g laurel60g raisins                          Food                       The secret to making restaurant-quality tacos, according to a top Mexican golf club’s chef By:                   Josh Sens                  Dried chilies 1 Guajillo Pepper1 Cascabel Chile1 Chile Pasilla1 Ancho Chile1 Smoked Chipotle1 Chile Chilhuacle Vegetables 300g tomatillo (chopped)600g Saladette tomato (chopped)400g white onion (chopped)200g plantain (chopped)40g garlic cloves (peeled) Others 60g dark chocolate200g Corn tortilla ashes* *To make corn tortilla ashes, place the tortillas directly over the flame from a stovetop burner or in the oven at 375 degrees Fahrenheit.
Once the tortillas begin to burn, remove them from the heat and pulverize them in a blender or food processor.
Preparation: In a frying pan, over medium heat toast the dried chiles, being careful not to burn them.
Once toasted, remove from pan and set aside.
In the same pan, add some canola oil.
When the oil is shimmering add the onion, garlic, tomatillo, tomato, and plantain and fry over medium heat until all ingredients are well-cooked on all sides.
Coat a separate pan in canola, and over medium heat, brown all of the spices, seeds, and cereals, being careful not to let them burn.
Mix the vegetables and the fried spices in a deep pot and cook over medium heat for one hour.
Then add enough water to cover the mixture and cook for another hour.
Pour the mixture into a blender or food processor and blend until smooth, adding water, if necessary.
Return mixture to a pot, add the chocolate and the tortilla ashes, and bring to a boil.
Once boiling, let the sauce cook for three hours, stirring frequently so that the sauce doesn’t stick or burn.
When done, season with salt to taste.
Latest In Lifestyle     24 hours ago               These simple, lightweight coolers will keep your beverages cold on the golf course      2 days ago               One parlay we love for the Genesis Invitational      3 days ago               Genesis Invitational betting guide: 9 picks our expert loves at Riviera Country Club      4 days ago               Your guide to Bordeaux-style blends from Napa Valley             Golf.com Contributor        Related Articles                                          Food                                       Pebble Beach’s executive chef shares the secret to making the Tap Room's famous Prime Rib Chili By:                   Shaun Tolson                                                         Food                                       The secret to making delicious fish tacos at home, according to golf-club chefs By:                   Shaun Tolson                                                         Food                                       Extending Dry January?
Here's the skinny on 2 non-alcoholic bottled cocktails By:                   Shaun Tolson                                                         Food                                       The secret to making delicious poke at home, according to a renowned Hawaiian restaurant chef By:                   Shaun Tolson                                                         Food                                       The secret to making perfect poutine, according to a Canadian golf club chef By:                   Shaun Tolson                                                         Lifestyle                                       These 7 cocktails have less alcohol but just as much flavor as their boozier brethren By:                   Shaun Tolson                                                         Food                                       A New Year’s guide to fresh juices and healthy smoothies, according to an expert By:                   Shaun Tolson                                                         Food                                       10 essential tools for the home mixologist, according to a cocktail expert By:                   Shaun Lewis                                                         Food                                       This chicken soup recipe was the year's most read By:                   Jessica Marksbury                             Newsletter    Categories  News Instruction Gear Lifestyle Travel     Services   GOLF Media Kit EB GOLF MEDIA LLC WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Masthead FAQ and Returns     Social     facebook      twitter      instagram      youtube      Membership        GOLF.com and GOLF Magazine are published by EB GOLF MEDIA LLC, a division of 8AM GOLF          Go to mobile version
