Nicklaus Design renovates course where Nicklaus won major                                                               x    Skip to main content   Golf Logo     Join Now / Log In     Nicklaus Design renovates course where Nicklaus won one of 18 majors SHARE      Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter     Share by Email            Golf Logo    Shop  Collections  Mens Womens Juniors Nicklaus Collection Birdie Juice Collection Shop All Collections   Apparel & Accessories  Shirts Polos Pants Shorts Skirts Sweaters Outerwear and vests Activewear Belts Hats Sunglasses Shop all Apparel & Accessories   Shoes  Spiked Spikeless Casual Sneakers Shop all shoes   Training  GPS Range finders Swing Trainers putting trainers Fitness Shop all training   Golf Bags  Cart bags Staff bags Stand bags Shop all golf bags   Clubs & Equipment  New Arrivals Drivers Fairway woods Hybrids Utility Irons Iron Sets Wedges Putters Grips Golf Balls Golf Gloves Shop all clubs & equipment     News  Latest News   Tiger Woods’ tone-deaf prank puts damper on otherwise thrilling day Ian Poulter knew what he’d be gaining, losing with LIV | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
3 recap Joel Dahmen just got even easier to root for | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
4 recapAll News   Tournaments  Tournaments2023 Genesis Invitational: How to watch, TV schedule, streaming, tee times More Tournament News   Featured Series  Tour Confidential Monday Finish Rogers Report Browse by Writer     Instruction  Top 100 Teachers  InstructionMeet the new GOLF Top 100 Teachers of America Get Started   Game Improvement  Driving Approach Shots Bunker Shots Short Game Putting All Instruction   Other Instruction  Play Smart Pros Teaching Joes Fitness Rules Etiquette     Gear  WedgesCan a different wedge improve your sand game?
| Fully Equipped mailbag ClubTest  Drivers Hybrids Fairway woods Irons Wedges Putters Shop All Clubs   Other Gear  Golf Balls Shoes Apparel Best of Everything 2022 Shop All Gear   Featured Series  Clubtest Fully Equipped Proving Ground RoboTest Wall-to-wall     Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Courses in the U.S.: GOLF’s all-new 2022-23 ranking is here!
Top 100  Top 100 Courses Top 100 resorts Top 100 teachers All Travel & Lifestyle   Travel  Courses Resorts Destination golf Muni Mondays ALL TRAVEL   Lifestyle  Accessories Celebrities Food Betting Advice ALL LIFESTYLE     Leaderboards  Current LeaderboardThe Genesis InvitationalFull LeaderboardPast TournamentsThe Genesis InvitationalWM Phoenix OpenAT&T Pebble Beach Pro-AmAll TournamentsPlayer RankingsOfficial World RankingFedEx CupMoney LeadersAll Player RankingsSchedulePGA Tour 2022-2023   Videos & Podcasts  InstructionWarming Up with Nelly and Jessica Korda  More Latest Videos   Videos  Destination Golf Pros Teaching Joes Proving Ground RoboTest Tee to Green View All Videos   Podcasts  Drop Zone Fully Equipped Subpar View All Podcasts      Pro Shop  Collections Apparel & Accessories Shoes Training Aids Golf Bags Clubs & Equipment Shop All   News  Tournaments Featured Series Browse by Writer All News   Instruction  Top 100 Teachers All Instruction   Gear  ClubTest All Gear   Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Rankings Travel Lifestyle All Travel & Lifestyle   Leaderboards  Current Leaderboard Player Statistics Schedule   Videos & Podcasts  Videos Podcasts All Videos & Podcasts          Join Now / Log In                                     Search                       Start the Golf Season off right with InsideGOLF ($100 value - just $20)                     LEARN MORE                Travel       Nicklaus Design renovates course where Nicklaus won one of 18 majors   By:                   Josh Sens                February 9, 2023       Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter   Share by Email          Nicklaus Design tempered some of BallenIsles' more penal traits to make the challenges more suitable for member play.
ballenisles    Fifty-two years ago this month, the professional game prepped for a major scheduling twist.
Since its birth in 1916, the PGA Championship had been held mostly in the late summer or fall, usually in the Northeast and Midwest.
But in 1971, the event moved to Florida, the first major ever for the Sunshine State.
The change in region called for a change in timing.
To avoid the sweltering heat of summer, the PGA of America switched its flagship event to February.
In an unprecedented shift that has not since been repeated, Glory’s Last Shot became the first major of the year.
The venue was the East Course at what was known then as PGA National Golf Club, in Palm Beach Gardens, a young property with a notable history of its own.
Developed in 1964 by the insurance magnate and real estate mogul John D. MacArthur, the club had been an early host site of the PGA Merchandise Show.
In 1965, its Dick Wilson- and Joe Lee-designed East Course had also staged the original PGA Tour Qualifying School.
Travel                       A new Jack Nicklaus course is coming to Scotland.
Here’s what you need to know By:                   Michael Arkush                  At the ’71 PGA Championship, Jack Nicklaus seized a first-round lead and never looked back, going on to a wire-to-wire win — for what would be his ninth of a record 18 career major titles.
With the victory, he became the first player in history to complete the career Grand Slam twice.
His big achievement came in what was also a big year for the club.
In addition to the PGA Championship, the East Course that year also played host to the PGA Seniors; the Q-School finals; and the World Cup, featuring the largest field ever assembled for the event.
Time moved on, and much transpired.
In 2021, on the 50th anniversary of Nicklaus’ PGA Championship win, the club, which since 1988 has been known as BallenIsles Country Club, decided to embark on a refresh of its East Course.
In a fitting bit of symmetry, it hired Nicklaus Design to do the work (Nicklaus Design is an affiliate of 8AM Golf, GOLF.com’s parent company).
The mandate was to make everything old new again, paying homage to some of the original Dick Wilson design features where the general layout of 13 of the original 18 holes still existed, while tempering some of the layout’s penal traits to make the challenges more suitable for member play.
“The goal was to make the course a little more user-friendly while retaining its championship nature,” said Chris Cochran, senior designer at Nicklaus Design, who led the project.
The $6.3 renovation was unveiled last month.
Ballenisles     To that end, all 18 holes were refined, always with variety and strategy in mind.
The greens, once similar in shape and size, were transformed into an engaging mix, some small, some large, some tame, some wild, and set at different angles to approach shots.
A number of the crowned putting surfaces that Wilson favored have were also mellowed to make them more receptive.
Deep bunkers were shallowed.
Run-off areas were added around targets, along with naturalistic humps and hollows to allow for more compelling recoveries.
In all, the new design is more thought-provoking, fun and memorable than the original layout.
As part of the $6.3 million renovation, which was unveiled late last month, the practice grounds were also reimagined, with a new 65-bay two-sided range equipped with Toptracer technology, and a short-game area with a 25,000-square-foot putting green.
A new learning center is also in the works, set to be completed this spring.
BallenIsles has continued bolstering its rich tradition as a tournament site; more recently, it has been a regular host of local amateur competitions, as well as sectional qualifiers for national events.
Today, even as it appeals to members, the club aims to build on that championship legacy.
“We’re proud of our history,” said Ryan Walls, the club’s general manager.
“And we’re looking forward to creating more in the years ahead.”        Latest In Travel     23 hours ago               L.A.'s massive golfing year is officially underway (with plenty more to come)      2 days ago               The best golf vibes in LA are at this Santa Monica muni      6 days ago               The 10 most expensive tee times in Phoenix/Scottsdale on Super Bowl weekend      1 week ago               Golf in L.A. can blind with star power, but don't forget about the rest           Josh  Sens Golf.com Contributor A golf, food and travel writer, Josh Sens has been a GOLF Magazine contributor since 2004 and now contributes across all of GOLF’s platforms.
His work has been anthologized in The Best American Sportswriting.
He is also the co-author, with Sammy Hagar, of Are We Having Any Fun Yet: the Cooking and Partying Handbook.
Author Twitter Account      Related Articles                                          Style                                       5 new Nicklaus pieces now available in the GOLF Pro Shop By:                   Marley Sims                                                         Travel                                       For golf lovers and relaxation seekers, the Four Seasons Resort Hualalai is a dream that just got dreamier By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Gear                                       Matt Fitzpatrick channeled Jack Nicklaus with this change to his irons By:                   Jessica Marksbury                                                         Lifestyle                                       Meet Digital Jack Nicklaus: Golf legend’s metaverse 'twin' featured on BBC By:                   James Colgan                                                         Accessories                                       Shopping for a golfer?
They'll love this autographed Jack Nicklaus Augusta print By:                   Marley Sims                                                         Instruction                                       Golden Rules: How copying Jack Nicklaus' famous flying right elbow can increase your power By:                   Jon Tattersall, Top 100 Teacher                                                         News                                       ‘What it’s done is made the PGA Tour almost two tiers’: Jack Nicklaus questions Tour By:                   Nick Piastowski                                                         Travel                                       A new Jack Nicklaus course is coming to Scotland.
Here’s what you need to know By:                   Michael Arkush                             Newsletter    Categories  News Instruction Gear Lifestyle Travel     Services   GOLF Media Kit EB GOLF MEDIA LLC WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Masthead FAQ and Returns     Social     facebook      twitter      instagram      youtube      Membership        GOLF.com and GOLF Magazine are published by EB GOLF MEDIA LLC, a division of 8AM GOLF          Go to mobile version
