Tiger Woods announces newest course design                                                               x    Skip to main content   Golf Logo     Join Now / Log In     Tiger Woods announces newest course design (and first mountains project) SHARE      Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter     Share by Email            Golf Logo    Shop  Collections  Mens Womens Juniors Nicklaus Collection Birdie Juice Collection Shop All Collections   Apparel & Accessories  Shirts Polos Pants Shorts Skirts Sweaters Outerwear and vests Activewear Belts Hats Sunglasses Shop all Apparel & Accessories   Shoes  Spiked Spikeless Casual Sneakers Shop all shoes   Training  GPS Range finders Swing Trainers putting trainers Fitness Shop all training   Golf Bags  Cart bags Staff bags Stand bags Shop all golf bags   Clubs & Equipment  New Arrivals Drivers Fairway woods Hybrids Utility Irons Iron Sets Wedges Putters Grips Golf Balls Golf Gloves Shop all clubs & equipment     News  Latest News   Ian Poulter knew what he’d be gaining, losing with LIV | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
3 recap Joel Dahmen just got even easier to root for | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
4 recap Sahith Theegala and Mito Pereira’s gut-wrenching heartbreak: Netflix ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
7 recapAll News   Tournaments  Tournaments2023 Genesis Invitational: How to watch, TV schedule, streaming, tee times More Tournament News   Featured Series  Tour Confidential Monday Finish Rogers Report Browse by Writer     Instruction  Top 100 Teachers  InstructionMeet the new GOLF Top 100 Teachers of America Get Started   Game Improvement  Driving Approach Shots Bunker Shots Short Game Putting All Instruction   Other Instruction  Play Smart Pros Teaching Joes Fitness Rules Etiquette     Gear  WedgesCan a different wedge improve your sand game?
| Fully Equipped mailbag ClubTest  Drivers Hybrids Fairway woods Irons Wedges Putters Shop All Clubs   Other Gear  Golf Balls Shoes Apparel Best of Everything 2022 Shop All Gear   Featured Series  Clubtest Fully Equipped Proving Ground RoboTest Wall-to-wall     Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Courses in the U.S.: GOLF’s all-new 2022-23 ranking is here!
Top 100  Top 100 Courses Top 100 resorts Top 100 teachers All Travel & Lifestyle   Travel  Courses Resorts Destination golf Muni Mondays ALL TRAVEL   Lifestyle  Accessories Celebrities Food Betting Advice ALL LIFESTYLE     Leaderboards  Current LeaderboardThe Genesis InvitationalFull LeaderboardPast TournamentsThe Genesis InvitationalWM Phoenix OpenAT&T Pebble Beach Pro-AmAll TournamentsPlayer RankingsOfficial World RankingFedEx CupMoney LeadersAll Player RankingsSchedulePGA Tour 2022-2023   Videos & Podcasts  InstructionWarming Up with Nelly and Jessica Korda  More Latest Videos   Videos  Destination Golf Pros Teaching Joes Proving Ground RoboTest Tee to Green View All Videos   Podcasts  Drop Zone Fully Equipped Subpar View All Podcasts      Pro Shop  Collections Apparel & Accessories Shoes Training Aids Golf Bags Clubs & Equipment Shop All   News  Tournaments Featured Series Browse by Writer All News   Instruction  Top 100 Teachers All Instruction   Gear  ClubTest All Gear   Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Rankings Travel Lifestyle All Travel & Lifestyle   Leaderboards  Current Leaderboard Player Statistics Schedule   Videos & Podcasts  Videos Podcasts All Videos & Podcasts          Join Now / Log In                                     Search                       Start the Golf Season off right with InsideGOLF ($100 value - just $20)                     LEARN MORE                Travel       Tiger Woods announces newest course design (and first mountains project)   By:                   Josh Berhow                February 7, 2023       Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter   Share by Email          Tiger Woods and TGR Design announced Tuesday their next project will be at the Marcella Club in Park City, Utah.
Getty Images   Tiger Woods and his golf course design firm, TGR Design, are adding another project to their growing portfolio.
Woods and TGR Design announced Tuesday their next project will be at the Marcella Club in Park City, Utah.
“The course will offer engaging play for every ability,” Woods said in a tweet.
“My intent is to create a world-class golf experience to pair with Marcella Club’s vision for modern luxury living.”  I’m excited to announce my latest golf course design project at Marcella Club in Park City, Utah!The course will offer engaging play for every ability.
My intent is to create a world-class golf experience to pair with Marcella Club’s vision for modern luxury living.
pic.twitter.com/s0b9f5phqQ— Tiger Woods (@TigerWoods) February 7, 2023  The Marcella Club is a partnership between the Marcella Mountain and Marcella at Jordanelle Ridge communities in the Park City area, making the Marcella Club an exclusive membership.
The 18-hole course will be Woods’ first mountains course as well as his first in Utah.
The area is already rich with skiing, and now it’s getting a Woods-designed golf course.
A routing of the Marcella Club.
Courtesy     “I am fortunate with many design opportunities, but I’m extremely selective in which projects I take on,” Woods said in a press release.
“Two key factors for me are being able to work with great partners on great properties.
My team has built a superb relationship with our partners on Marcella.
That said, I am thrilled about the location of this property.
The canvas for my course is one of the most dramatic I’ve ever seen.
It has ridgelines with some of the most stunning views in the world, valleys with amazing contours and topography, and groves of trees that allow me to use creativity to bring to life a golf experience that’s something special.” Woods’ 18-hole championship course will be the first phase of a 36-hole facility.
Woods, the architect, has nearly a dozen courses that have either been built or are still in the construction phase.
Woods, 47, hasn’t played competitive golf since the PNC Championship in December with his son, Charlie.
His foundation hosts next week’s Genesis Invitational at Riviera Country Club, so Woods will be there in some capacity, although it’s unclear if he plans to enter the tournament on top of his hosting duties.
NEWSLETTER         Latest In Travel     22 hours ago               L.A.'s massive golfing year is officially underway (with plenty more to come)      2 days ago               The best golf vibes in LA are at this Santa Monica muni      6 days ago               The 10 most expensive tee times in Phoenix/Scottsdale on Super Bowl weekend      1 week ago               Golf in L.A. can blind with star power, but don't forget about the rest            Josh Berhow Golf.com Editor Josh Berhow is the managing editor at GOLF.com.
The Minnesota native graduated with a journalism degree from Minnesota State University in Mankato.
You can reach him at joshua_berhow@golf.com.
Author Twitter Account Author Instagram Account      Related Articles                                          News                                       10 sights and sounds from Tiger Woods' first round back By:                   Dylan Dethier                                                         News                                       Tiger Woods is still a thrill for PGA Tour players, too By:                   Sean Zak                                                         News                                       Tiger Woods' former caddie is making a comeback this week, too By:                   Dylan Dethier                                                         News                                       See Tiger Woods' tee time for Friday at 2023 Genesis Invitational By:                   Kevin Cunningham                                                         News                                       The best Tiger Woods shot you’ve never heard about?
Notah Begay has a candidate By:                   Alan Bastable                                                          News                                       Rise and shine: If you want to walk with Tiger Woods, you better be a morning person By:                   Ryan Barath                                                         News                                       How Tiger Woods inspired the name of this comedian's comedy special By:                   Zephyr Melton                                                         News                                       See Tiger Woods' tee time for Thursday at 2023 Genesis Invitational By:                   Kevin Cunningham                                                         News                                       At Genesis, Tiger Woods reminds us what he knows and what he doesn't By:                   Dylan Dethier                             Newsletter    Categories  News Instruction Gear Lifestyle Travel     Services   GOLF Media Kit EB GOLF MEDIA LLC WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Masthead FAQ and Returns     Social     facebook      twitter      instagram      youtube      Membership        GOLF.com and GOLF Magazine are published by EB GOLF MEDIA LLC, a division of 8AM GOLF          Go to mobile version
