Inside the golf superintendents’ trade show: 9 things we saw, learned                                                               x    Skip to main content   Golf Logo     Join Now / Log In     9 things we saw, heard and learned at the golf-course superintendents’ trade show SHARE      Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter     Share by Email            Golf Logo    Shop  Collections  Mens Womens Juniors Nicklaus Collection Birdie Juice Collection Shop All Collections   Apparel & Accessories  Shirts Polos Pants Shorts Skirts Sweaters Outerwear and vests Activewear Belts Hats Sunglasses Shop all Apparel & Accessories   Shoes  Spiked Spikeless Casual Sneakers Shop all shoes   Training  GPS Range finders Swing Trainers putting trainers Fitness Shop all training   Golf Bags  Cart bags Staff bags Stand bags Shop all golf bags   Clubs & Equipment  New Arrivals Drivers Fairway woods Hybrids Utility Irons Iron Sets Wedges Putters Grips Golf Balls Golf Gloves Shop all clubs & equipment     News  Latest News   Ian Poulter knew what he’d be gaining, losing with LIV | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
3 recap Joel Dahmen just got even easier to root for | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
4 recap Sahith Theegala and Mito Pereira’s gut-wrenching heartbreak: Netflix ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
7 recapAll News   Tournaments  Tournaments2023 Genesis Invitational: How to watch, TV schedule, streaming, tee times More Tournament News   Featured Series  Tour Confidential Monday Finish Rogers Report Browse by Writer     Instruction  Top 100 Teachers  InstructionMeet the new GOLF Top 100 Teachers of America Get Started   Game Improvement  Driving Approach Shots Bunker Shots Short Game Putting All Instruction   Other Instruction  Play Smart Pros Teaching Joes Fitness Rules Etiquette     Gear  WedgesCan a different wedge improve your sand game?
| Fully Equipped mailbag ClubTest  Drivers Hybrids Fairway woods Irons Wedges Putters Shop All Clubs   Other Gear  Golf Balls Shoes Apparel Best of Everything 2022 Shop All Gear   Featured Series  Clubtest Fully Equipped Proving Ground RoboTest Wall-to-wall     Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Courses in the U.S.: GOLF’s all-new 2022-23 ranking is here!
Top 100  Top 100 Courses Top 100 resorts Top 100 teachers All Travel & Lifestyle   Travel  Courses Resorts Destination golf Muni Mondays ALL TRAVEL   Lifestyle  Accessories Celebrities Food Betting Advice ALL LIFESTYLE     Leaderboards  Current LeaderboardThe Genesis InvitationalFull LeaderboardPast TournamentsThe Genesis InvitationalWM Phoenix OpenAT&T Pebble Beach Pro-AmAll TournamentsPlayer RankingsOfficial World RankingFedEx CupMoney LeadersAll Player RankingsSchedulePGA Tour 2022-2023   Videos & Podcasts  InstructionWarming Up with Nelly and Jessica Korda  More Latest Videos   Videos  Destination Golf Pros Teaching Joes Proving Ground RoboTest Tee to Green View All Videos   Podcasts  Drop Zone Fully Equipped Subpar View All Podcasts      Pro Shop  Collections Apparel & Accessories Shoes Training Aids Golf Bags Clubs & Equipment Shop All   News  Tournaments Featured Series Browse by Writer All News   Instruction  Top 100 Teachers All Instruction   Gear  ClubTest All Gear   Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Rankings Travel Lifestyle All Travel & Lifestyle   Leaderboards  Current Leaderboard Player Statistics Schedule   Videos & Podcasts  Videos Podcasts All Videos & Podcasts          Join Now / Log In                                     Search                       Start the Golf Season off right with InsideGOLF ($100 value - just $20)                     LEARN MORE                Lifestyle       9 things we saw, heard and learned at the golf-course superintendents’ trade show   By:                   Josh Sens                February 10, 2023       Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter   Share by Email          For golf-course superintendents, Orlando was the place to be earlier this week.
josh sens   ORLANDO, Fla. — Music pulsed.
People danced.
The mood in the air suggested anything might happen.
If you think that things in Scottsdale have been wild this week, you should have taken in the scene at the Orange County Convention Center, about a 20-minute drive east of Disney World.
A swarm of turf-care experts had swept into town.
Every industry has its Woodstock.
In the world of golf agronomy, this was it: the annual Golf Course Superintendents Association of America (GCSAA) Conference and Trade Show.
What’s that you say?
Sounds about as riveting as watching grass grow?
Think again!
FOMO is what you should have been feeling.
To rub it in, here are 9 things you missed.
1.
Electric opening ceremony Who says that turf nerds can’t get wiggy?
At a welcome reception that could have passed for a snippet from Survivor, GCSAA CEO Rhett Evans and board president Kevin Breen plunged into a pool and raced through waist-deep water, winding up in a finish so neck-and-neck that neither man got kicked off the island.
Not to be outdone, neon-clad dancers opened the indoor portion of the show by going full Footloose on the convention floor.
The festive vibe was so contagious, even a security guard joined in.
Bets were made.
Bets were won (GCSAA President @KPBreen1).
Bets were lost (@GCSAACEO).
Good-natured fun from the @GCSAA Welcome Reception, presented by @SyngentaTurf.
#GCSAAConference pic.twitter.com/4NSEHzl7vQ— GCSAA Conference and Trade Show (@GCSAAConference) February 7, 2023  2.
No light, no soil.
No problem As proof that these folks can grow grass anywhere, the GCSAA joined forces with the USGA and the Golf Course Builders Association of America to build a 20,000-square foot natural putting green on the convention center’s cold, hard floor.
Augusta National it wasn’t, but still, what an effort.
Josh Sens     3.
Robot mowers are coming… Like cars and vacuum cleaners, mowers are moving toward automation.
Among the eye-catching machines on the floor this week were robotic maintenance workers like this Spider Mower, capable of everything from trimming fairways to picking range balls in the dead of night.
Josh Sens     4.
…and so are the robot golf balls Another glimpse of the future came from the USGA, which unveiled its latest advent, the GS3: a space-age, golf-ball shaped device capable of gathering more than 15,000 data points via internal sensors, allowing it to give instant readings on a green’s firmness, smoothness, trueness and speed.
5.
America’s (supers) got talent Ventriloquy.
Guitar-making.
Oil painting.
And on.
Superintendents have enough side hobbies to sustain their own reality-TV show.
Consider, for instance, the not-so-hidden talent of Paul Sermersheim, superintendent of Danville Country Club, in Ill., and licensed auctioneer.
Oil painting.
Guitar-making.
Ventriloquy.
America’s (supers) Got Talent.
Here is Paul Sermersheim, from Danville CC in Illinois, flashing the skills of a licensed auctioneer pic.twitter.com/gB6CU0HkL2— Josh Sens (@JoshSens) February 10, 2023  6.
Do we hear $40 for the fungicide?
Speaking of auctions, the silent one this week had all kinds of goodies — if you’re into spray nozzles, turf colorant and aluminum cups.
7.
Destiny’s children Does the name make the super, or the other way around?
The list of attendees this week included turf-care experts with the fitting surnames Grass, Stem, Ball, Hogan and Read.
8.
Fairways to the runway At a convention where most everyone was dressed like a golfer or a farmer, David Jones was unafraid to stand out.
The superintendent from Indian Springs Country Club, in Oklahoma, Jones says he inherited his flashy fashion sense from his grandfather.
He has an outfit of this ilk for every day of the year.
Josh Sens     9.
Doglegs of a different kind A goose dog is a superintendent’s best friend.
And no one supplies more of them to the industry than Rebecca Gibson, of Flyaway Geese, in North Carolina.
As she does each year, Gibson brought a bunch of border collies to the convention, not just to give live demos but also to give away one of the trained dogs by way of auction.
Mark Patterson, of The Legacy at Lakewood Ranch and Serenoa GC in Florida, was the lucky winner this year.
courtesy             Latest In Lifestyle     24 hours ago               These simple, lightweight coolers will keep your beverages cold on the golf course      2 days ago               One parlay we love for the Genesis Invitational      3 days ago               Genesis Invitational betting guide: 9 picks our expert loves at Riviera Country Club      4 days ago               Your guide to Bordeaux-style blends from Napa Valley           Josh  Sens Golf.com Contributor A golf, food and travel writer, Josh Sens has been a GOLF Magazine contributor since 2004 and now contributes across all of GOLF’s platforms.
His work has been anthologized in The Best American Sportswriting.
He is also the co-author, with Sammy Hagar, of Are We Having Any Fun Yet: the Cooking and Partying Handbook.
Author Twitter Account      Related Articles                                          Lifestyle                                       4 things you probably didn't know could harm golf courses By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Lifestyle                                       Is your yard a rain-soaked mess?
Here are 5 smart things to do By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Lifestyle                                       13 common misconceptions about how golf courses work, according to superintendents By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Lifestyle                                       3 golf-course threats that keep superintendents up at night By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Travel                                       What's buried beneath these 7 golf courses?
You might be surprised By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Lifestyle                                       What REALLY irritates golf-course superintendents?
They told us in this 2022 poll By:                   GOLF Editors                                                         Lifestyle                                       7 ways to extend your Christmas tree’s life (and how best to recycle it!)
By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Lifestyle                                       This smart golf-ball retrieval method is superintendent-approved By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Lifestyle                                       Should you fill your divot...or replace it?
A superintendent explains what to do By:                   Josh Sens                             Newsletter    Categories  News Instruction Gear Lifestyle Travel     Services   GOLF Media Kit EB GOLF MEDIA LLC WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Masthead FAQ and Returns     Social     facebook      twitter      instagram      youtube      Membership        GOLF.com and GOLF Magazine are published by EB GOLF MEDIA LLC, a division of 8AM GOLF          Go to mobile version
