Your guide to Bordeaux-style blends from Napa Valley                                                               x    Skip to main content   Golf Logo     Join Now / Log In     Your guide to Bordeaux-style blends from Napa Valley SHARE      Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter     Share by Email            Golf Logo    Shop  Collections  Mens Womens Juniors Nicklaus Collection Birdie Juice Collection Shop All Collections   Apparel & Accessories  Shirts Polos Pants Shorts Skirts Sweaters Outerwear and vests Activewear Belts Hats Sunglasses Shop all Apparel & Accessories   Shoes  Spiked Spikeless Casual Sneakers Shop all shoes   Training  GPS Range finders Swing Trainers putting trainers Fitness Shop all training   Golf Bags  Cart bags Staff bags Stand bags Shop all golf bags   Clubs & Equipment  New Arrivals Drivers Fairway woods Hybrids Utility Irons Iron Sets Wedges Putters Grips Golf Balls Golf Gloves Shop all clubs & equipment     News  Latest News   Ian Poulter knew what he’d be gaining, losing with LIV | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
3 recap Joel Dahmen just got even easier to root for | ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
4 recap Sahith Theegala and Mito Pereira’s gut-wrenching heartbreak: Netflix ‘Full Swing’ Ep.
7 recapAll News   Tournaments  Tournaments2023 Genesis Invitational: How to watch, TV schedule, streaming, tee times More Tournament News   Featured Series  Tour Confidential Monday Finish Rogers Report Browse by Writer     Instruction  Top 100 Teachers  InstructionMeet the new GOLF Top 100 Teachers of America Get Started   Game Improvement  Driving Approach Shots Bunker Shots Short Game Putting All Instruction   Other Instruction  Play Smart Pros Teaching Joes Fitness Rules Etiquette     Gear  GearFIRST LOOK: Fujikura’s Axiom iron shaft with Velocore technology ClubTest  Drivers Hybrids Fairway woods Irons Wedges Putters Shop All Clubs   Other Gear  Golf Balls Shoes Apparel Best of Everything 2022 Shop All Gear   Featured Series  Clubtest Fully Equipped Proving Ground RoboTest Wall-to-wall     Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Courses in the U.S.: GOLF’s all-new 2022-23 ranking is here!
Top 100  Top 100 Courses Top 100 resorts Top 100 teachers All Travel & Lifestyle   Travel  Courses Resorts Destination golf Muni Mondays ALL TRAVEL   Lifestyle  Accessories Celebrities Food Betting Advice ALL LIFESTYLE     Leaderboards  Current LeaderboardThe Genesis InvitationalFull LeaderboardPast TournamentsThe Genesis InvitationalWM Phoenix OpenAT&T Pebble Beach Pro-AmAll TournamentsPlayer RankingsOfficial World RankingFedEx CupMoney LeadersAll Player RankingsSchedulePGA Tour 2022-2023   Videos & Podcasts  InstructionWarming Up with Nelly and Jessica Korda  More Latest Videos   Videos  Destination Golf Pros Teaching Joes Proving Ground RoboTest Tee to Green View All Videos   Podcasts  Drop Zone Fully Equipped Subpar View All Podcasts      Pro Shop  Collections Apparel & Accessories Shoes Training Aids Golf Bags Clubs & Equipment Shop All   News  Tournaments Featured Series Browse by Writer All News   Instruction  Top 100 Teachers All Instruction   Gear  ClubTest All Gear   Travel & Lifestyle  Top 100 Rankings Travel Lifestyle All Travel & Lifestyle   Leaderboards  Current Leaderboard Player Statistics Schedule   Videos & Podcasts  Videos Podcasts All Videos & Podcasts          Join Now / Log In                                     Search                       Start the Golf Season off right with InsideGOLF ($100 value - just $20)                     LEARN MORE                Lifestyle       Your guide to Bordeaux-style blends from Napa Valley   By:                   Shaun Tolson                February 13, 2023       Share on Facebook    Share on Twitter   Share by Email          We talked with the wine director at Mayacama, a private golf course and real estate community in Santa Rosa, Calif., for some go-to tips.
Courtesy   Welcome to Clubhouse Eats, where we celebrate the game’s most delectable food and drink.
Hope you brought your appetites.
It’s the time of the year when you’re probably seeing red—not with anger, but with love.
That was certainly the goal, at least, for whomever created Valentine’s Day, even if it is rather vague as to who that was or when it occurred.
Nevertheless, the holiday is often celebrated with tokens of affection, and you’ll see (and hear) plenty of bottles of Champagne popped at romantic restaurants all around the world.
I’ve always considered a bottle of red to be more amorous, however, and there are plenty of options in that regard.
Sure, you could select a bold Cabernet Sauvignon, a spicy Zinfandel, or smooth, elegant Pinot Noir — all of which are expertly made in Napa Valley — but the country’s most famous winemaking region is also home to decadent Bordeaux-style blends.
We talked with Carey Vanderborg, the wine director at Mayacama, a private golf course and real estate community in Santa Rosa, Calif., about the best Bordeaux-style blends crafted in Napa Valley.
Here, he offers his guidance and perspective on the distinctive style.
What grape varietals are used in Bordeaux-style blends?
They could contain as many as five different varietals — Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Malbec and Petit Verdot.
If it’s a left-bank style, it’s going to be Cabernet Sauvignon dominant.
If it’s a right-bank style, it’ll be Cabernet Franc or Merlot dominant.
Which of those two styles, left-bank or right-bank, are more common coming out of Napa Valley?
It’s the left-bank style.
I would go as far as to say that 99 percent of producers — if they’re making blends — are making Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blends.
I’m not saying that Merlot is not popular or used at all.
There’s acreage of merlot out there, but it’s used [mostly] as a blending varietal.
Cabernet Sauvignon is king in Napa Valley.
Dominus Estate in Napa Valley.
Courtesy     When it comes to crafting excellent left-bank, Bordeaux-style blends, which varietals are Napa Valley winemakers typically pairing with Cabernet Sauvignon?
You tend to see Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot as the two companions in most Bordeaux blends.
Each one of those varietals lends a certain character to the wine and is blended in certain proportion for a reason.
It might’ve been a cooler vintage, and [the Cabernet Sauvignon] might have been too acidic, so they wanted to smooth things out by adding some merlot to make it a bit silkier.
You have to look at it like a recipe and think about how a chef concocts a dish.
Which producers in Napa Valley are crafting the best Bordeaux-style blends?
Dominus is the king of the Bordeaux-style blend in Napa.
Hands down, vintage after vintage, winemaker Christian Moueix is crafting the most exceptional Bordeaux-style blends in Napa Valley.
He has a certain style of dry farming and winemaking that, through time, has proven to produce some of the most ethereal, age worthy, elegant, and rambunctious wines in Napa Valley.
I’ve had vintages all the way back to 1985, and the 1991 vintage stands out most.
That’s the ultimate for me.
Spottswoode is an authority on Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blends from Napa Valley.
Courtesy     Speaking of older vintages, can these Bordeaux-style blends age with the same grace (and potential) as single-varietal red wines coming out of Napa?
I always tred lightly when I talk about aging wines because everyone has something specific that they want to get out of a bottle of wine.
Just because I enjoy a wine at 28 years old and appreciate the nuances of how it’s showing and expressing itself at that age doesn’t mean that the next person will.
They might want more fruit and structure.
But I know that these wines are age worthy.
Are there any other specific Bordeaux-style wines from Napa that you would recommend?
Joseph Phelps Insignia is extremely popular for its more fruit-forward style, and it’s got a bit more weight and robust character.
Amongst wine connoisseurs, it’s definitely known for being flashy, but it still has notoriety and cache.
And Spottswoode is an authority on Cabernet Sauvignon-dominant blends produced in Napa Valley.
Their estate Cabernet Sauvignon has a small percentage of Cabernet Franc and a small percentage of Petit Verdot.
The wines are age worthy and structural and pair well with lots of different types of beef and other cuisines.
They’re considered some of the best Bordeaux-style blends produced in Napa Valley.
Shaun Tolson is a freelance writer based in Rhode Island.
When it comes to golf, he covers everything from architecture, course reviews, and travel, to equipment, gadgets and gear, and feature profiles.
As a lifestyle writer, his expertise is rooted in the finer things in life — wine and spirits, luxury automobiles, private aviation, hotels & resorts, fine dining, and more.
NEWSLETTER         Latest In Lifestyle     24 hours ago               These simple, lightweight coolers will keep your beverages cold on the golf course      2 days ago               One parlay we love for the Genesis Invitational      3 days ago               Genesis Invitational betting guide: 9 picks our expert loves at Riviera Country Club      5 days ago               The secret to making decadent Mexican mole at home, according to a Los Cabos chef             Golf.com Contributor        Related Articles                                          Lifestyle                                       Why canned cocktails are the perfect on-course companions By:                   Michael Corcoran                                                         Food                                       How to make the perfect martini, according to a master mixologist By:                   Shaun Lewis                                                         Food                                       5 grilling mistakes you absolutely must avoid this Labor Day weekend By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Food                                       The secret to making perfect hash browns, according to a golf-club chef By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Food                                       How to make the perfect post-round lobster roll, according to a golf club chef By:                   Shaun Lewis                                                         Lifestyle                                       How to make 3 fruity and refreshing rum-based 'tiki' cocktails By:                   Shaun Lewis                                                         Food                                       How to make delicious mint ice cream, according to a golf-club chef By:                   Josh Sens                                                         Lifestyle                                       Here's how to build a whisky bar to suit every palate By:                   Jessica Marksbury                                                         Food                                       Scotch whisky guide: These 6 regions of Scotland produce the world's best single malts By:                   Shaun Lewis                             Newsletter    Categories  News Instruction Gear Lifestyle Travel     Services   GOLF Media Kit EB GOLF MEDIA LLC WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY Masthead FAQ and Returns     Social     facebook      twitter      instagram      youtube      Membership        GOLF.com and GOLF Magazine are published by EB GOLF MEDIA LLC, a division of 8AM GOLF          Go to mobile version
