


























Subscription - Golf

























































Skip to main content


Golf Logo




Join Now / Log In




Subscription SHARE





Share on Facebook



Share on Twitter




Share by Email





 




Golf Logo



Shop

Collections

Mens
Womens
Juniors
Nicklaus Collection
Birdie Juice Collection
Shop All Collections


Apparel & Accessories

Shirts
Polos
Pants
Shorts
Skirts
Sweaters
Outerwear and vests
Activewear
Belts
Hats
Sunglasses
Shop all Apparel & Accessories


Shoes

Spiked
Spikeless
Casual
Sneakers
Shop all shoes


Training

GPS Range finders
Swing Trainers
putting trainers
Fitness
Shop all training


Golf Bags

Cart bags
Staff bags
Stand bags
Shop all golf bags


Clubs & Equipment

New Arrivals
Drivers
Fairway woods
Hybrids
Utility Irons
Iron Sets
Wedges
Putters
Grips
Golf Balls
Golf Gloves
Shop all clubs & equipment




News

Latest News


How to watch the 2023 Genesis Invitational on Friday: Round 2 TV schedule, streaming
10 sights and sounds from Tiger Woods’ first round back
Tiger Woods is still a thrill for PGA Tour players, tooAll News


Tournaments

Tournaments2023 Genesis Invitational: How to watch, TV schedule, streaming, tee times
More Tournament News


Featured Series

Tour Confidential
Monday Finish
Rogers Report
Browse by Writer




Instruction

Top 100 Teachers

InstructionMeet the new GOLF Top 100 Teachers of America
Get Started


Game Improvement

Driving
Approach Shots
Bunker Shots
Short Game
Putting
All Instruction


Other Instruction

Play Smart
Pros Teaching Joes
Fitness
Rules
Etiquette




Gear

GearFIRST LOOK: Fujikura’s Axiom iron shaft with Velocore technology
ClubTest

Drivers
Hybrids
Fairway woods
Irons
Wedges
Putters
Shop All Clubs


Other Gear

Golf Balls
Shoes
Apparel
Best of Everything 2022
Shop All Gear


Featured Series

Clubtest
Fully Equipped
Proving Ground
RoboTest
Wall-to-wall




Travel & Lifestyle

Top 100 Courses in the U.S.: GOLF’s all-new 2022-23 ranking is here!
Top 100

Top 100 Courses
Top 100 resorts
Top 100 teachers
All Travel & Lifestyle


Travel

Courses
Resorts
Destination golf
Muni Mondays
ALL TRAVEL


Lifestyle

Accessories
Celebrities
Food
Betting Advice
ALL LIFESTYLE




Leaderboards

Current LeaderboardThe Genesis InvitationalFull LeaderboardPast TournamentsThe Genesis InvitationalWM Phoenix OpenAT&T Pebble Beach Pro-AmAll TournamentsPlayer RankingsOfficial World RankingFedEx CupMoney LeadersAll Player RankingsSchedulePGA Tour 2022-2023


Videos & Podcasts

InstructionWarming Up with Nelly and Jessica Korda

More Latest Videos


Videos

Destination Golf
Pros Teaching Joes
Proving Ground
RoboTest
Tee to Green
View All Videos


Podcasts

Drop Zone
Fully Equipped
Subpar
View All Podcasts





Pro Shop

Collections
Apparel & Accessories
Shoes
Training Aids
Golf Bags
Clubs & Equipment
Shop All


News

Tournaments
Featured Series
Browse by Writer
All News


Instruction

Top 100 Teachers
All Instruction


Gear

ClubTest
All Gear


Travel & Lifestyle

Top 100 Rankings
Travel
Lifestyle
All Travel & Lifestyle


Leaderboards

Current Leaderboard
Player Statistics
Schedule


Videos & Podcasts

Videos
Podcasts
All Videos & Podcasts









Join Now / Log In
















                    Search
                











InsideGOLF Membership

Subscription starts at

            $1.99/Month
          
or
$20/Year




        More than $100 in benefits for only $20!      

        Access to exclusive members only content from GOLF.com      

        $20 credit to the GOLF.com Pro Shop      

        Access to members-only merchandise      

        Members-first look at exclusive product launches      

        1-year GOLF Magazine subscription (non-U.S. members will receive digital editions)      

        50% off Greenbooks and GOLFLOGIX App Membership      

        $50 off GOLFTEC club fitting or swing evaluation       

        $25 off any Skillest lesson or subscription      

        $100 off qualifying purchases at Fairway Jockey      




        Join Now ....or Give as a Gift      


      Already have an account? Sign in





              InsideGOLF Membership              
                $1.99/Month
              




              Join Now .... or Give as a Gift          











            Exclusive members-only content on GOLF.com          

— Access to live, exclusive conversations with GOLF’s top editorial talent and podcast hosts
— Exclusive “Seen and Heard” newsletter sent daily during golf’s biggest tournaments
— Inside ClubTest: Access to exclusive robot data to help inform your next gear purchases
— Special feature content with golf’s top players, coaches and minds advancing the game










            Access to limited-edition merchandise in the GOLF.com Pro Shop           

Get notified about fast-selling merch drops, including limited edition GOLF-branded and Birdie Juice products, which often sells out in 24-48 hours. Also get early access to the best Pro Shop deals and sales — a huge perk for both bargain-hunters and trend-setters alike.









            $20 GOLF.com Pro Shop credit           

Immediately receive a GOLF.com Pro Shop credit which can be used toward any products in the GOLF Brand Collection at our Pro Shop. This is a deal you can’t miss!









            GOLF Magazine subscription            

1-year subscription (a $72 newsstand value!) to GOLF Magazine. Each issue is packed with best-in-class gear coverage, game-improvement tips from Top 100 Teachers and feature stories from GOLF’s talented writers. (Non-U.S. members receive the digital edition.)









            $50 off GOLFTEC club fitting or swing evaluation           

Need some new clubs or game-improvement advice? Who doesn’t? Take $50 off a club fitting or swing evaluation from GOLFTEC’s army of experts.









            $25 off any Skillest lesson or subscription          

Skillest connects you to the best golf coaches in the world, allowing you to communicate with your coach entirely remotely. Simply send your swing for analysis and discuss your game through live video. Get $25 off immediately with an InsideGOLF membership!









            8AM Golf Benefits          


Inside GOLF members receive $100 off a purchase of $500 or more at Fairway Jockey (the premier online retailer for custom golf clubs) and 50% off an annual GolfLogix membership and/or a GolfLogix green book. More benefits are launching soon!








          Terms & Conditions
        

These User Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to your use of the platform of websites and online services (the “Platform”) provided by EB Golf Media, a New York  corporation (“GOLF,” “we,” or “us”).
 
Throughout the Platform, we may contract with third-party content creators and publishers (“Partners”) to permit them to publish articles, blogs and other content on the Platform (“Partner Content”). Use of our Platform as a Partner is subject to separate terms. If you are a Partner, then these Terms apply only to your use of our Platform as an end user of other Partner Content, User Content or Author Content (as defined in Section 4(b) below). In addition, pursuant to the Author Submission and Monetization Addendum (“Addendum”), which is hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use, we may permit a user on the Platform who is an Author to publish Author Content and join the Earnings Program.
 
PLEASE NOTE: Section 15 contains a mandatory arbitration provision and class action waiver, which requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with us and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us. In addition, Section 3 contains terms for auto-renewing subscription payments and free trials (including how to cancel).
 
If you have any questions about these Terms or our Platform, please contact us at syndication@golf.com. For information about how we collect, use, share and otherwise process information about you, please see our Privacy Policy.
 
1. Eligibility
 
(a) You may not use the Platform if you are under 13 or if you are between the ages of 13 and 16 and live in a jurisdiction where parental consent would be required for us to process your personal information. We reserve the right to refuse access by users under certain ages, as set in our sole discretion from time to time.
 
(b) If you are under 18 years of age (or the age of legal majority where you live), you may use our Platform only with the permission of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18 (or the age of legal majority where you live), you agree to be fully responsible for the acts or omissions of such user, including any breach of these Terms, and for determining the suitability of the Platform for such user.
 
2. User Accounts
 
(a) If you register for an account to use our Platform, you must provide accurate account information and ensure that you maintain the accuracy of this information at all times. You also must maintain the security of your account (including by logging out of your account at the end of each session), and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account or your account credentials without your permission. If you permit others to use your account, you are responsible for the activities of those users. We reserve the right to reclaim usernames for any reason, including on behalf of businesses or individuals that hold trademark rights or other legal claims in those usernames.
 
(b) GOLF at any time and for any reason, in its sole discretion and without any liability to you or any third-party, may suspend or terminate your account or use of or access to the Platform (or any portion thereof).
 
3. Subscriptions
 
(a) Pricing. Prices for our subscriptions are subject to change at any time, but changes will not affect any purchase you have already placed except that for auto-renewing subscriptions, price changes will take effect when indicated in our email notice to you.
 
(b) Taxes. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you are responsible for any applicable sales, use, duty, customs or other governmental taxes, levies or fees (“Taxes”) due with respect to your purchase through our Platform. We will present an estimate of Taxes we collect at checkout, except where we have clearly stated in writing that a price includes Taxes. For U.S. users, the actual Taxes charged may be adjusted from the amount shown at checkout. Several factors may cause this, such as variances between processor programs and changes in tax rates. You may have a duty to directly report and pay Taxes if we do not collect such Taxes.
 
(c) Payment Method. Only valid payment methods acceptable to us may be used to complete a purchase via the Platform. You represent and warrant that you are authorized to use your designated payment method. You authorize us to charge your designated payment method for the total amount of your purchase (including any applicable taxes and any shipping and handling charges). If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts.
 
(d) Auto-Renewal Terms. If you purchase a subscription from us to access or use the Platform (including a subscription entitling you to access certain Partner Content), your account will ‘auto-renew’ for subsequent subscription periods of equal length until you cancel your subscription (set it not to renew) or we terminate it. The subscription period and the cost of the subscription (during and after any initial promotional period) are disclosed via the Platform prior to purchase. We automatically bill your payment method upon the expiration of your current subscription period (you can review your current subscription period by visiting the Dashboard and user preferences section of your GOLF account profile). You may cancel your subscription at any time by clicking on the cancel link in the account section of your subscription account dashboard and you will continue to have access through the end of your subscription period (or free trial period, if applicable). You will not have the right to receive any pro-rated refunds if you cancel your subscription period early. You must cancel your subscription at least 3 days before the end of your current subscription period in order to avoid being billed for the next subscription period.
 
(e) Free Trials. Your subscription may start with a free trial. GOLF reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine your free trial eligibility. Our Platform will indicate whether or not the free trial will automatically convert to a paid subscription upon expiration of the trial period. If so, unless you cancel your subscription prior to the end of the free trial period, we will begin billing your payment method on a recurring basis for your subscription upon expiration of the free trial period until you cancel your subscription or we terminate it.
 
(f) Errors. In the event of an error, we reserve the right to correct the error and revise your purchase accordingly (which includes charging the correct price) or to cancel the purchase and refund any amount charged.
 
(g) No Refunds. Except to the extent refunds are required by law, payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds. However, we may, in our sole discretion, provide a refund or discount in certain cases.
For the full terms and conditions, click here and search for “InsideGOLF.”
 
Join now




 





Newsletter



Categories

News
Instruction
Gear
Lifestyle
Travel
 


Services


GOLF Media Kit
EB GOLF MEDIA LLC WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Masthead
FAQ and Returns
 


Social




facebook





twitter





instagram





youtube





Membership







GOLF.com and GOLF Magazine are published by EB GOLF MEDIA LLC, a division of 8AM GOLF





















